Flutter Desktop Docs (#3464)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/flutter/troubleshooting.mdx

## Known Limitations

- Flutter `split-debug-info` and `obfuscate` flags aren't yet supported on iOS/macOS; they are supported only on Android. If this feature is enabled, Dart stack traces are not human readable, this is a tooling limitation, See: [43612](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/43612) and [43274](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/43274).
- If you enable the `split-debug-info` feature, you must upload the Debug Symbols manually.
- Also, Issue's titles might be obfuscated as we rely on the `runtimeType`, but they may not be human-readable, See: [Obfuscate Caveat](https://flutter.dev/docs/deployment/obfuscate#caveat)
- Layout related errors are only caught by [FlutterError.onError](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/foundation/FlutterError/onError.html) in debug mode. In release mode, they are removed by the Flutter framework. See [Flutter build modes](https://flutter.dev/docs/testing/build-modes).

> - Windows and Linux do not have a native integration. This means that there is no device information included in crash reports.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this, it'd be the same for Web, which is covered by `Limited support for Flutter Web, Windows and Linux`

> - On Windows you currently need to set the version and build number manually, see [73652](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/73652).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Windows, you have to set the version and build number manually, see [73652](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/73652).
```

maybe we open a sub-item here and tell them how to do it, eg:

flutter build windows --dart-define=SENTRY_RELEASE=my_app@1.0.0+1
or via options.release = 'my_app@1.0.0+1' during SDK init

Reviewer: we can also add the instructions to https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/flutter/troubleshooting/ and link this item to https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/flutter/troubleshooting/

## Known Limitations

- Flutter `split-debug-info` and `obfuscate` flags aren't yet supported on iOS/macOS; they are supported only on Android. If this feature is enabled, Dart stack traces are not human readable, this is a tooling limitation, See: [43612](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/43612) and [43274](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/43274).
- If you enable the `split-debug-info` feature, you must upload the Debug Symbols manually.
- Also, Issue's titles might be obfuscated as we rely on the `runtimeType`, but they may not be human-readable, See: [Obfuscate Caveat](https://flutter.dev/docs/deployment/obfuscate#caveat)
- Layout related errors are only caught by [FlutterError.onError](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/foundation/FlutterError/onError.html) in debug mode. In release mode, they are removed by the Flutter framework. See [Flutter build modes](https://flutter.dev/docs/testing/build-modes).
- On Windows, you have to set the version and build number manually, see [this issue on GitHub](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/73652). To do so:
    - Use Dart defines to build the app: `flutter build windows --dart-define=SENTRY_RELEASE=my_app@1.0.0+1`

>     - Set the release on SentryOptions `options.release = 'my_app@1.0.0+1'` during SDK initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Or, set the release on SentryOptions `options.release = 'my_app@1.0.0+1'` during SDK initialization.
```
